#   Package Tracking
__Decembner 11, 2019__  
__Minutes of the meeting:__ __13 minutes__
##  Developer Reports

###  (Developer-1 Xinyi)

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -  modify database relationship in sql and redesign a little bit in database
    -  add more helpful function for front and logic end
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -  fix any bugs during the connection with sql
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -  Need make decision on if we need drone
    -  Not able to observe which package is handle by which drone.
 
###  (Developer-2 Tengjun)

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -  Recheck the project and user requirement.
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -  implement and testing the drone class, applied on the package
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -  Hibernate connection issue
    -  facing the decision convenciencing creating drone class inorder to imitate the deliver process
   
  

###  (Developer-3 Pengxiang)

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -  Add more method in logic layor base on the user story and project requirement.
    -  Handle some edge case.
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -  Solve issue that we do not have a drone object.
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -  It is hard to connect data with hibernate, there are design conflit.
    -  We currently do not have a drone object to keep track of.
 

###  (Developer-4 Qiwei Ge)

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Completed user InterFace and VIP user InterFace, it connect with logic side.
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Keep update if logic change.
    -   Implementing drone menu.
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   Do not sure what should I do for drone menu.

##  Issues

-   Started since last scrum:
    -  We need to design a drone object to deliver the package.
    -  Keep track of the drone to deliver packages.
-   Completed since last scrum:
    -  Hibernate SQL basic functionality.
    -  The program can perform basic functionality.
-   Any removed from backlog?  
    - View Patron's shipment history.
-   Any added to backlog? Why?  
      - none, the backend has been settled.
      
##  Other topics
- none