#   Package Tracker 1

December 4, 2019

## Sprint 1 Review/Retrospective and Sprint 2 Planning Meeting

### Sprint 1 Review/Retrospective

#   Package Tracking
__December 4, 2019__  
__Minutes of the meeting:__ __26 minutes__
##  Developer Reports

### Sprint 1 Review/Retrospective

- Project accomplishment so far
    * use three tier architecture to implement the project 
    * finish developing add/delete/search and test if it's robustness
    * figure out how to use google API to find the closet address
    * We use Google Cloud Platform Geocoding API to convert user address to geocode.
    * We are able to use geocode to calculate distance. 
- What didn't we accomplish?
    * We are not able to increase speed for Hibernate.
    * We are not able to control the memory used by Hibernate.
    * We currently having difficulty connecting logic and backend.
- What were the unexpected obstacles and opportunities?
    * We do not understand why Hibernate use so many memory.
    * Since Hibernate base on Log4J and we use text mode, will print out the readable debug info.
    * We have opportunities to experience cloud computing using Geocode API.
- What should we keep doing?
    * We should keep communicate amount team member. 
    * Three-tier architecture.
    * Optimize the hibernate connection and running speed.
- What should we stop doing?
    * Using Hibernate search.
    * We should stop pushing authentication info to git repo.
- What should we start doing or do differently?
    * We would not use Hibernate, instead just use basic file reader. 

### Sprint 2 Planning Meeting

-   Identify sprint goal
    * Finish burn down backlog.  
    * Complete functionality.
-   What backlog items are in this sprint?
    * Notice when package arrive.
    * Check package status.
    * customer able to cancel the pacakge.
    * Estimated time to get and send the package.
    * Pick up package at warehouse as patron.
    * Cancel Order
    * Select deliver patron
    * View Patron's shipment history
    * Edit data
    * Change destination after shipping
-   Prepare sprint backlog
    * Google Cloud convert address to geocode
    * Using geocode to calculate distance between two address
    * Sender is able to register an account
    * Prevent user hack using SQL query