#   Package Tracking
__Decembner 9, 2019__  
__Minutes of the meeting:__ __14 minutes__
##  Developer Reports

###  (Developer-1 Xinyi)

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -  Add more test case for SQL database.
    -  Add method to to edit user info.
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -  Write method to keep track of drone location.
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   Hibernate will crash if the program run too long.
    -   Not able to observe which package is handle by which drone.
 
###  (Developer-2 Tengjun)

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -  Recheck the project and user requirement.
    -  Study public subscriber pattern (now is abandoned). 
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -  Crate a drone object that can be track by admin.
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -  We currently do not have a drone object to keep track of.
    -  Package is not able to assign to one drone.
   
  

###  (Developer-3 Pengxiang)

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -  Replace the print method in logic layor to front layor.
    -  add more method base on the user story and project requirement.
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -  Solve issue that we do not have a drone object.
    -  Add more method in logic layor base on the user story and project requirement.
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -  It is hard to connect data with hibernate, there are design conflit.
    -  We currently do not have a drone object to keep track of.
 

###  (Developer-4 Qiwei Ge)

-   Activity/accomplishments since last scrum
    -   Redesign the user interface and rewrite the code in frontend.
-   Planned activity before next scrum
    -   Design GUI for the program. It might be abandoned as the program going.
-   Obstacles/Issues
    -   There might be error which scanning since we are only using one scanner.

##  Issues

-   Started since last scrum:
    -  We need to design a drone object to deliver the package.
    -  Keep track of the drone to deliver packages.
-   Completed since last scrum:
    -  Hibernate SQL basic functionality.
    -  The program can perform basic functionality.
-   Any removed from backlog?  
    - Estimated time to get and send the package.
    - Change destination after shipping.
    - Edit data.
    - Select deliver patron.
    - Cancel Order.
    - Pick up package at warehouse as patron.
    - Prevent user hack using SQL query.
    - Sender is able to register an account.
    - Customer able to cancel the pacakge.
    - Check package status
    - Using geocode to calculate distance between two address
    - Google Cloud convert address to geocode
    
-   Any added to backlog? Why?  
      - none, the backend has been settled.
      
##  Other topics
- none
